content: Add mitigation for malicious source platform admin. (#1188)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/draft/threats.md

*Threat:* Platform administrator abuses their privileges to bypass controls or
to push a malicious version of the software.

*Mitigation:* The source platform must have controls in place to prevent and
detect abusive behavior from administrators (e.g. two-person approvals for
changes to the infrastructure, audit logging). A future [Platform
Operations Track](/future-directions#build-platform-operations-track) may
provide more specific guidance on how to secure the underlying platform.

*Example 1:* GitHostingService employee uses an internal tool to push changes to

> the MyPackage source repo. Solution 1: employee cannot push changes without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the MyPackage source repo. Solution 1: employee cannot make changes to the MyPackage repository's data without
```
"push" again reminded me of the more typical two-party review, while a change to the data layer of the service to modify a repository is an infra change.

Reviewer: This can be ignored if we drop inline examples as I propose in my other comment.

Author: Removed!

getting a co-worker to approve. Solution 2: changes are audited and the employee
would be detected by internal security teams.

*Example 2:* GitHostingService employee uses an internal tool to push a
malicious version of the server to serve malicious versions of MyPackage sources
to a specific CI/CD client but the regular version to everyone else, in order to

> hide tracks. Solution 1: employee cannot push malicious version without

Reviewer: I think example 2 and 3 need more detailed treatments. While the text proposed as solutions are not meant to be complete (they're specified as examples above) and the text above indicates more guidance for platforms may be published separately, I wonder if a reader may still think the solutions specified here suffice. For the case detailed here, I imagine we might want something closer to recursive SLSA where an employee cannot deploy arbitrary versions of the server software but instead it must be built and deployed using SLSA-compliant processes.

Maybe there shouldn't be inline solutions for each example?

Author: Yeah, I'd be happy to drop the inline solutions.  SLSA doesn't really cover this right now anyways, so we really just need to gesture to the right thing to do.

Author: Removed!

*Threat:* Platform administrator abuses their privileges to bypass controls or
to push a malicious version of the software.

*Mitigation:* The source platform must have controls in place to prevent and

> detect abusive behavior from administrators (e.g. two-person approvals, audit

Reviewer: I would lean on audit logging more here than two-person approvals. I know platforms have ways to not allow admins to bypass protections but there remains a gap (to my knowledge) in that administrators can still unilaterally change the policy itself, say to remove two-person approval requirements or other protections. Audit logging would a way to detect / mitigate this, until platforms support multiple-approvals for policy changes.

Reviewer: Also: logging would apply to the infrastructure supporting the platform software as well, while two-person approval would not?

Author: The two person approval here isn't related to changes to the source code, but rather requiring two persons to make changes to the underlying infrastructure.

Should I just make that more clear?

Reviewer: Yes, that'd help! My mind went to the "default" two party approval in the source context.

Author: Done.  Also added example solutions.
